Cypher 25 show commands updates (#1090)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc

The column `propertyTypes` returned by the procedures link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/procedures/#procedure_db_schema_nodetypeproperties[`db.schema.nodeTypeProperties()`] and link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/procedures/#procedure_db_schema_reltypeproperties[`db.schema.relTypeProperties()`] previously returned a list of strings representing the potential Java types for a given property.
It now returns a list of strings representing the possible Cypher Types the given property has.
For all available Cypher types, see the section on xref::values-and-types/property-structural-constructed.adoc#types-synonyms[types and their synonyms].

a|
label:syntax[]
label:updated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
SHOW NODE PROPERTY UNIQUENESS CONSTRAINTS
SHOW RELATIONSHIP PROPERTY UNIQUENESS CONSTRAINTS
SHOW PROPERTY UNIQUENESS CONSTRAINTS
----
a|

> The constraint type keyword filtering for `SHOW CONSTRAINTS` now allow an optional keyword `PROPERTY` when filtering on the property uniqueness constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The constraint type keyword filtering for xref:constraints/syntax.adoc#list-constraints[`SHOW CONSTRAINTS`] now allows the optional keyword `PROPERTY` when filtering on property uniqueness constraints.
```

> The constraint type column returned are also updated to return `NODE_PROPERTY_UNIQUENESS` and `RELATIONSHIP_PROPERTY_UNIQUENESS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The constraint type column returned is also updated to return `NODE_PROPERTY_UNIQUENESS` and `RELATIONSHIP_PROPERTY_UNIQUENESS`.
```

a|
label:functionality[]
label:updated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
SHOW TRANSACTIONS YIELD startTime, clientAddress, outerTransactionId, currentQuery, currentQueryId, parameters, planner, runtime, indexes, currentQueryStartTime, currentQueryElapsedTime, currentQueryCpuTime, currentQueryIdleTime, currentQueryStatus
----
a|

> Several `SHOW TRANSACTIONS` columns have been updated.
> `startTime` and `currentQueryStartTime` now returns a `ZONED DATETIME` instead of a `STRING` representation of one.
> `clientAddress` and `outerTransactionId` returns `null` instead of empty `STRING` when unavailable.
> The current query related columns, `currentQuery`, `currentQueryId`, `parameters`, `planner`, `runtime`, `indexes`, `currentQueryStartTime`, `currentQueryElapsedTime`, `currentQueryCpuTime`, `currentQueryIdleTime`, `currentQueryStatus`, now return `null` when no query is executing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several  xref:clauses/transaction-clauses.adoc#query-listing-transactions[`SHOW TRANSACTIONS`] columns have been updated:

* `startTime` and `currentQueryStartTime` now return a `ZONED DATETIME` instead of a `STRING` representation of a temporal value.
* `clientAddress` and `outerTransactionId` now return `null` instead of an empty `STRING` when unavailable.
* The current query-related columns — `currentQuery`, `currentQueryId`, `parameters`, `planner`, `runtime`, `indexes`, `currentQueryStartTime`, `currentQueryElapsedTime`, `currentQueryCpuTime`, `currentQueryIdleTime`, and `currentQueryStatus` — now return `null` when no query is executing.
```
